README.md, before:

![GA LOGO](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/6ce15b81c1f06d716d753a61f5db22375fa684da/68747470733a2f2f67612d646173682e73332e616d617a6f6e6177732e636f6d2f70726f64756374696f6e2f6173736574732f6c6f676f2d39663838616536633963333837313639306533333238306663663535376633332e706e67)

# General Assembly: Intro to Coding

## HTML

During the HTML section of this workshop, you'll need to choose which city or region you'd like to feature in your website. Here are the options:


<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/atlanta.jpg" target="_blank">Atlanta</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/chicago.jpg" target="_blank">Chicago</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/london.jpg" target="_blank">London</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/orangecounty.jpg" target="_blank">Orange County</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/seattle.jpg" target="_blank">Seattle</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/austin.jpg" target="_blank">Austin</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/dallas.jpg" target="_blank">Dallas</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/los-angeles.jpg" target="_blank">Los Angeles</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/raleigh.jpg" target="_blank">Raleigh</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/singapore.jpg" target="_blank">Singapore</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/boston.jpg" target="_blank">Boston</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/denver.jpg" target="_blank">Denver</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/melbourne.jpg" target="_blank">Melbourne</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/san-francisco.jpg" target="_blank">San Francisco</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/sydney.jpg" target="_blank">Sydney</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/brisbane.jpg" target="_blank">Brisbane</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/geelong.jpg" target="_blank">Geelong</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/new-york.jpg" target="_blank">New York</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/sanjose.jpg" target="_blank">San Jose</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/toronto.jpg" target="_blank">Toronto</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/brooklyn.jpg" target="_blank">Brooklyn</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/hongkong.jpg" target="_blank">Hong Kong</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/northernvirginia.jpg" target="_blank">Northern Virginia</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/la-santa-monica.jpg" target="_blank">Santa Monica</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/dc-washington.jpg" target="_blank">Washington, DC</a></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>


We will also use placeholder text. If you like, you can copy and paste this **Lorem Ipsum** content into your code:<br>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.


## CSS

During the styling section of this workshop, we'll be using some starter code. Open up the stylesheet by clicking [here](./style.css). Then copy and paste the code into your own `style.css` file.

Commit message:

Added file structure setup instructions

README.md, after:

![GA LOGO](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/6ce15b81c1f06d716d753a61f5db22375fa684da/68747470733a2f2f67612d646173682e73332e616d617a6f6e6177732e636f6d2f70726f64756374696f6e2f6173736574732f6c6f676f2d39663838616536633963333837313639306533333238306663663535376633332e706e67)

# General Assembly: Intro to Coding

## Setting up your file structure

1. Create a folder called `code_along` on your desktop.
2. Now open **Sublime Text** and either 1) drag the `code_along` folder anywhere in the black area of Sublime, or 2) click **File**, then **Open...**, then navigate to your desktop and select the `code_along` folder, then click the **Open** button.
3. Right click on `code_along` and select **New File**. A new untitled file will open. Save that file (**File > Save**), naming it `index.html`.
4. Right click on the `code_along` folder again and this time select **New Folder...** A field called **Folder Name** will open at the bottom of your screen. In that field, type `css` and hit **Enter**.
5. Right click on the `css` folder and choose **New File**. Again, a new untitled document will appear. Save that file (**File > Save**), naming it `style.css`.
6. Now click [here](./style.css). Paste the code that you see into your new `style.css` file.

## HTML

During the HTML section of this workshop, you'll need to choose which city or region you'd like to feature in your website. Here are the options:


<table>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/atlanta.jpg" target="_blank">Atlanta</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/chicago.jpg" target="_blank">Chicago</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/london.jpg" target="_blank">London</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/orangecounty.jpg" target="_blank">Orange County</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/seattle.jpg" target="_blank">Seattle</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/austin.jpg" target="_blank">Austin</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/dallas.jpg" target="_blank">Dallas</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/los-angeles.jpg" target="_blank">Los Angeles</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/raleigh.jpg" target="_blank">Raleigh</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/singapore.jpg" target="_blank">Singapore</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/boston.jpg" target="_blank">Boston</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/denver.jpg" target="_blank">Denver</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/melbourne.jpg" target="_blank">Melbourne</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/san-francisco.jpg" target="_blank">San Francisco</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/sydney.jpg" target="_blank">Sydney</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/brisbane.jpg" target="_blank">Brisbane</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/geelong.jpg" target="_blank">Geelong</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/new-york.jpg" target="_blank">New York</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/sanjose.jpg" target="_blank">San Jose</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/toronto.jpg" target="_blank">Toronto</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/brooklyn.jpg" target="_blank">Brooklyn</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/hongkong.jpg" target="_blank">Hong Kong</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/northernvirginia.jpg" target="_blank">Northern Virginia</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/la-santa-monica.jpg" target="_blank">Santa Monica</a></td>
            <td><a href="https://unruffled-shirley-c9ee5e.netlify.com/img/dc-washington.jpg" target="_blank">Washington, DC</a></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>


We will also use placeholder text. If you like, you can copy and paste this **Lorem Ipsum** content into your code:<br>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.


## CSS

During the styling section of this workshop, we'll be using some starter code. Open up the stylesheet by clicking [here](./style.css). Then copy and paste the code into your own `style.css` file.
